# 2.0 Configuration of xoops_version.php 

In order to use the Framework, you have to add the lines below in your xoops_version.php : To list authors : 

$modversion['author'] = 'Author1,Author2,Author3'; 

You can set as much authors of the module as you want, but it is necessary to separate them with a comma. 

$modversion['nickname'] = 'Pseudo1,Pseudo1,Pseudo3'; 

You must put the same number of usernames used for authors Username1 = Author1, etc. Usernames are separated with a comma. 
 
$modversion['website'] = 'www.website.com'; $modversion['name_website'] = 'website'; 
For the variable website, you must put the url of your site and for the variable name_website, it is necessary to put the title of your website 
$modversion['license'] = 'GNU GPL'; $modversion['license_url'] = 'www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html/'; 
For the variable license, you must put the type of license and for the variable license_url, it is necessary to put the url of the license. 
$modversion['status_version'] = 'statut'; 
You must indicate the status of your module. The status are the following : 
•	Alpha : The Alpha versions are the first versions of the module, lot of bugs exist in such versions and lot of features still missing. So it's necessary to dont use this version in a productive website. 
•	Beta : The versions Beta are more advanced than Alpha. Bugs exist again, but almost all the functionalities of module are present. So it's necessary to dont use this version in a productive website. 
•	RC : Which means "release candidate", the RC versions they are enough advanced to be distributed to any user. It is not advisable to use them in a productive website. 
•	Final : This is the final version of the module it can be installed and used in a productive website. 

All the versions, except the final one, can be followed by a number to differentiate several versions. 
$modversion['release_date'] = 'year/month/day'; 
Date of the publication of the version. This date must have the format: 'year/month/day' 
The Framework will handle automatically the translation of the date in the appropriate format according the website language. 
$modversion['help'] = 'page=help'; 
Allow you to specify the template of the help page od the module also to create the help menu.

$modversion['min_php'] = '5.2'; 
Vou have to specify the minimum php version required to a good working of the module. Anyway, you need at least 5.2, because the Framework does not work on an earlier version. 
$modversion['min_xoops'] = '2.5'; 
You have to specify the minimum xoops version required to a good working of the module. Anyway, you need at least 2.5, because the Framework does not work on an earlier version. 
$modversion['system_menu'] = 1; 
Since the version 2,5 of xoops, the system module generates automatically the administration menu if we add this line. 
All these parameters are required to use the Framework. 
