# 6.0 Addition of a info box

The info box is a text zone composed from a title and of a text. To create a infobox, we use addInfoBox() : 
$variable_name->addInfoBox($title); 
$title : Linfo box title. To add a line in the linfo box, we use addInfoBoxLine() : 
$variable_name->addInfoBoxLine($title, $text, $value, $color, $type); 
$title : Info box title (similar to the one used with "addInfoBox"). $text : Text to be shown in the info box. $value : Value to appear in the text. $color : Value color. $type :. Values: 'default' or 'information'. 
The type 'default' uses all the parameters. It displays a text that includes the variable $value of the color 'color'. 
Example : 
$variable_name->addInfoBox("Title"); $variable_name->addInfoBoxLine("Title", 'Text %s and...', 'value', 'red', 'default'); 
The result : 
 
The type 'information' uses only the parameters '$text'. It displays only a text. Exemple : 
$variable_name->addInfoBox("Title"); $variable_name->addInfoBoxLine("Title", 'Text', '', '', 'information'); 
The result : 
 
 
To display the infos box, we use renderInfoBox() : 
$variable_name -> renderInfoBox(); 
Infos box are automatically displayed in the pages "index.php" and "about.php" if you are using functions that handle these parts. 
You can add as many lines as you want in a info box and you can put as many infos box as you wish. Those are the infos box title that can link the right lines with the correct infos box. 
Example : 
$variable_name = new ModuleAdmin(); $variable_name->addInfoBox("bike"); $variable_name->addInfoBox("car"); $variable_name->addInfoBoxLine("bike", 'Text1', '', '', 'information'); $variable_name->addInfoBoxLine("bike", 'Text2', '', '', 'information'); $variable_name->addInfoBoxLine("car", 'Text3', '', '', 'information'); echo $variable_name -> renderInfoBox(); 
The result : 
