# 8.0 The page "index.php"

The index page is composed from 3 parties : 
1	A menu (automatically generated). 
2	Custom infos box if desired. 

3. A configuration info box. To create an index, we use renderIndex() : 
$variable_name->renderIndex(); 
By default there are only 2 configurations listed : 
1	Php Version (recovered from the variable $modversion['min_php'] inside xoops_version.php). 
2	XOOPS version (recovered from the variable $modversion['min_xoops'] inside xoops_version.php). 

If both variables are defined in xoops_version.php, we get automatically this info box : 
 
We can add 3 other types of configuration. 
1	Display text. 
2	Verifying the existence of a file. 

3. Checking the chmod of a file. To add a configuration line, on we use addConfigBoxLine() : 
$variable_name->addConfigBoxLine($value, $type); 
$value : With type 'folder' we have to put the folder path. With type 'chmod' we have to put a table with the folder path as a first parameter and the desired chmod as as a second one. $type : 'default', 'folder' or 'chmod'. 
 
Example : 
$variable_name = new ModuleAdmin(); $variable_name->addInfoBox("Title"); $variable_name->addInfoBoxLine("Title", 'Text %s ...', 'value', 'red', 'default'); $variable_name->addConfigBoxLine('----Hello world----', 'default'); $folder = XOOPS_ROOT_PATH . '/uploads/modulename/'; $variable_name->addConfigBoxLine($folder, 'folder'); $variable_name->addConfigBoxLine(array($folder, '777'), 'chmod'); echo $variable_name->addNavigation('index.php'); echo $variable_name->renderIndex(); 
The Result : 
